Add support for read-only Switch (#5902)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/switch/examples.mdx

<LivePreview componentName="switch" exampleName="DisabledChecked" />

## Read-only

> A read-only switch allows the user to select and copy its text, but does not allow them to change its state. You can set a switch as read-only via the prop `readOnly`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A read-only switch allows the user to select and copy its text, but doesn't allow them to change its state. You can set a switch as read-only via the prop `readOnly`.
```

**Note:** We recommend avoiding read-only switches due to the lack of adequate `aria-readonly` support and conflicting user expectations. If you must use a read-only switch, you can add visual or non-visual labels to make its state clear.

> 

Author: I believe generally we're not trying to sell the readonly switch because of it's limitations including limited support for screen readers, but it's something we have just to be consistent with similar components. Guidance here is similar to what we have for checkbox but @karlgoldstraw and @jake-costa can help expand on that

> 

Author: @karlgoldstraw helped clarify and I've included the examples

### Best practices

> Unlike disabled switches, read-only switches are focusable and shown in the tab order when using a keyboard, allowing users to interact with its text. Use a read-only switch when its text contains information that is valuable to the user.

Reviewer 2: This is similar to Read-only checkbox - they have it sectioned by "Best practice".

> Read-only switches are navigable using keyboard shortcuts. This means that, unlike disabled switches, users can interact with the text description. Use a read-only switch instead of a disabled switch when the text description contains information that is valuable to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set a switch as read-only via the prop `readOnly`.

A read-only switch allows users to view and focus the switch without changing its checked state. This is useful when the switch and its state is considered relevant to the user’s workflow. If the switch is not considered to be relevant it should either be removed or disabled.

**Note**: We recommend avoiding read-only switches due to the lack of adequate screen reader support and conflicting user expectations. If you must use a read-only switch, you should ensure its read-only state is communicated through its label e.g. `aria-label` or `FormFieldLabel`.
```

Reviewer 3: It looks like many component libraries have the same behaviour (including UITK)
Anyone copying labels needs to drag and not double click (although they can in read-only)
I guess until it's part of any a11y standard we should not consider it an issue.
